EXO-60672: migration page Security to new documentation site (#15)
exoplatform/exoplatform.github.io: docs/administration/security.md

    ``` xml
    <realm-name>gatein-domain</realm-name>
    ```

- In `META-INF/context.xml`:

    ``` xml
    appName='gatein-domain'
    ```

As mentioned above, if you change \"`gatein-domain`\", you need to
re-configure all the applications that use the Realm to refer to the new
Realm. Here is the list of webapps and the files you need to
re-configure:

**In the Tomcat bundle:**

- `portal.war`: `/WEB-INF/jboss-web.xml`, `/WEB-INF/web.xml`,
    `/META-INF/context.xml`.
- `rest.war`: `/WEB-INF/jboss-web.xml`, `/WEB-INF/web.xml`.
- `ecm-wcm-extension.war`: `/WEB-INF/jboss-web.xml`.
- `calendar-extension.war`: `/WEB-INF/jboss-web.xml`.
- `forum-extension.war`: `/WEB-INF/jboss-web.xml`.
- `wiki-extension.war`: `/WEB-INF/jboss-web.xml`.
- `ecm-wcm-core.war`: `/WEB-INF/jboss-web.xml`.

::: tip

The `.war` files are located under the `$PLATFORM_TOMCAT_HOME/webapps`
folder.
:::

## Gadget proxy configuration

In eXo Platform, you could allow gadgets to load remote resources.
However, this could be a potential security risk, as it will make the
Gadget deployed as an open web proxy. So, you can set up the anonymous
proxy to accept or deny certain hosts by configuring the

> *ProxyFilterService*.

Reviewer: I think this is outdated. We should remove

Author: yes removed

            <name>white-list</name>
            <!-- We accept anything not black listed -->
            <value>*</value>
        </values-param>
        <values-param>
            <name>black-list</name>
            <value>*.evil.org</value>
        </values-param>
    </init-params>
</component>
```

### How does it work?

- Any domain name in black list is denied.
- Any domain name NOT in white list is denied.
- Only domain names in white list and NOT in black list are allowed.

Multiple values can be added (by adding more **value** tags) and
wildcards can be used, as in the following example:

``` xml
<component>
    <key>org.exoplatform.web.security.proxy.ProxyFilterService</key>
    <type>org.exoplatform.web.security.proxy.ProxyFilterService</type>
    <init-params>
        <values-param>
            <name>white-list</name>
            <value>*.example.com</value>
            <value>www.example.net</value>
        </values-param>

        <values-param>
            <name>black-list</name>
            <value>evil.example.com</value>
        </values-param>
    </init-params>
</component>
```

## Enabling HTTPS

In order to enable HTTPS, you can either:

> - `Use a reverse proxy`, such as Apache HTTPd or Nginx, to set up an HTTPS virtual host that runs in front of eXo Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Use a reverse proxy`, such as Apache HTTPd or Nginx, to set up an HTTPS virtual host that runs in front of eXo Platform. This is the recommended way.
```

        SSLCertificateKeyFile /path/to/folder/from/certificate/cert-key.pem
    </VirtualHost>
```

#### Configuring Nginx

Instructions for installing Nginx can be found [here](http://wiki.nginx.org/Install). On Debian and Ubuntu you can install Nginx with the following command:

```shell
   apt-get install nginx
```

Configure the server *proxy1.com* at port *443* like this (you can put the configuration in a file like `/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/proxy1.com`):

```nginx
    server {
        listen 80;
        server_name proxy1.com;

        # Redirect all HTTP requests to HTTPS with a 301 Moved Permanently response.
        return 301 https://$host$request_uri;
    }

    server {
        listen 443;
        server_name proxy1.com;
        ssl on;
        ssl_certificate /path/to/file/mycert.pem;
        ssl_certificate_key /path/to/file/mykey.pem;

        location / {
            proxy_pass http://exo1.com:8080;
        }
        location /cometd/cometd {
            proxy_pass http://exo1.com:8080;
            proxy_http_version 1.1;
            proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;
            proxy_set_header Connection "upgrade";
        }

    }
 ```

> The configuration here is a simple one and it works. For a more advanced configuration, you may want to read [this blog post](http://blog.exoplatform.com/en/2014/04/17/apache-2-nginx-highly-secure-pfs-ssl-encrypting-reverse-proxy-exo-platform-4-0-web-application).
> 

Reviewer: The link is KO. We should change this part :
```suggestion
The configuration here is a simple one and it works. It can be tuned for advanced usages.

```

   ```

3. Uncomment the following lines and edit with your `keystoreFile` and `keystorePass` values:

   ``` xml
    <Connector port="8443" protocol="org.apache.coyote.http11.Http11Protocol" SSLEnabled="true"
      maxThreads="150" scheme="https" secure="true"
      clientAuth="false" sslProtocol="TLS"
      keystoreFile="/path/to/file/serverkey.jks"
      keystorePass="123456"/>
   ```

After starting eXo Platform, you can connect to *<https://exo1.com:8443/portal>*. If you are testing with dummy server names, make sure you created the host \"exo1.com\" in the file `/etc/hosts`.

## Password encryption key of RememberMe

eXo Platform supports the \"Remember My Login\" feature. This guideline explains how the feature works, and how to update the password encryption key in server side for security purpose.

### How the feature works?

If users select \"Remember My Login\" when they log in, their login information will be saved in both client and server sides:

- A token is saved in the server side. The user password is encrypted and saved along with the token. - The token ID is sent back to the browser and saved in the \"rememberme\" cookie.

> When the users visit the website for next time from the same browser on the same machine, they do not need to type their username and password. The browser sends the cookies, and the server validates it using the token. By that way, the login step is automatically completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When users visit the website for next time from the same browser on the same machine, they do not need to type their username and password. The browser sends the cookies, and the server validates it using the token. By that way, the login step is automatically completed.
```
